{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Foregrounding backgrounding experiment instructions\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
URL: https://callab.uchicago.edu/experiments/foregrounding-backgrounding/c1.html\
\
Participant sheet: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Rj8G_bRtc7pm64zqZ_Y0Ymkg_xBTANbPMWmT5x5wSkQ/edit?usp=sharing\
\
General info: Use guided access on the iPad and make sure you 
\b always use headphones
\b0  with the kids. The experiment should take less than five minutes.\
\
Beginning of the day: 
\b Please run the experiment at least once at the beginning of the day to make sure it\'92s working.
\b0  Use participant number 0 (zero) and age 0 (zero) when you do test runs of the experiment. Use the headphones and make sure the sound is working and is loud enough during the videos and the selection slides. (You should hear an exchange like \'93Is that a wug?\'94 \'93No\'94 and then \'93Find the wug\'94 on the selection page.) If it\'92s not working, please text me at (301) 655-9739 or email me at cbergey@uchicago.edu .\
\
Recruiting: We\'92re recruiting kids age 3\'966 for this experiment.\
\
Consent forms: Make sure to have the parent/guardian fill out the normal consent form. Put the experiment code 
\b FBV1
\b0  and the participant number on each consent form.\
\
Pre-experiment: Make sure to put the kid\'92s age and their participant numbers in the relevant slot on the first webpage of the experiment. (Again, use zeros for participant ID and age if you\'92re doing a test run.) Read the instructions on the first page to the participant. Then make sure they\'92re seated and have the headphones on snugly. Hit next, and an orange button should come up; tell the participant to tap the orange button to start whenever they\'92re ready. If the participant looks to you, hesitates, or has a hard time typing the iPad, give them general encouragement but don\'92t push them toward any particular response.\
\
Post-experiment: When the screen goes black, the experiment is over. Tell the kid good job and give them a sticker!\
\
Thank you!}